All right, last thing:
I talked to Donna Martin
this morning,
and she's gonna be returning
to work tomorrow.
Oh, good for her.
Uh, my suggestion?
We, um, we act
like she's never been gone.
Underplay the whole thing.
That's probably a good idea.
I'm sure she'd appreciate that.
All right, if there's nothing
else, let's adjourn.
Have I mentioned
that watching you
run a meeting is
incredibly sexy?
You know,
you're a demented woman.
But I like that
in a woman.
You bastard.
Hi, Rusty.
How dare you send
the cops after me.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, like you didn't finger me
as the guy
who's been bothering Donna.
I didn't say anything
to the cops about you.
Rusty, they questioned everybody
at the station about it.
Yeah, well, they came to my dorm
and made me feel
like a criminal.
Is there some reason you should
feel like a criminal?
You think you're so superior.
Hardly, but I do think
I've earned the right
to be called "Mr. You Bastard."
Yeah, well, someone ought
to knock you down a peg.
All you people.
I hope you and Donna
rot in hell!
Was he just blowing off steam
or was that a threat?
I have no idea.
♪ ♪
(knocking)
Mm-hmm, hang on.
Hey.
I'm Donna Martin. I hear you
have a room for rent here.
Very sunny. Ocean view.
Sounds perfect.
I'll take it.
Hi!
Welcome home.
Thank you.
Tom, hey, oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to interrupt you guys.
I was just leaving.
(chuckles)
So, how does dinner sound
later on tonight?
Very good.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I'll see you
later, okay?
Mm-hmm.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
You know I felt safe
at my parents,
but not until this
very second did I really feel
like this
whole ordeal is over.
Well, Slan knew it was over
the minute you got that
permanent restraining order.
That's why
he left town.
Mm. I still cannot believe
that he is gone. Yes!
Now you get to get your life
back to normal.
Yep. Oh, right,
like you would know anything
about normal.
What? Flirting is normal.
Kel,
you know how much
Valerie likes Tom.
And I,
I don't know, I just think
it's a little beneath you
to romance him
just to spite her.
That is what I was doing
in the beginning,
but now I really like the guy.
Well, is it worth tearing
Valerie up to find out for sure?
Worth it?
Donna, it is icing on the cake.
♪ ♪
Well, today the After Dark,
tomorrow your video's on MTV.
Don't I wish.
No, I'm serious.
That was really beautiful.
I still can't believe it's
the first song you ever wrote.
Thanks, David.
It's, it's been
a long time
since I've had someone
in my corner.
What about your parents?
Well, they kind
of disowned me
after I dropped
out of school.
They don't know you have a gift?
Oh, no, they encouraged
my singing...
in the church choir.
My playing in a rock band
on the other hand...
(chuckles)
How long you been doing that?
Long enough to learn
to live out of a suitcase,
get a good night's sleep
on a bus.
Sounds brutal.
Yeah, well, I'm giving myself
six months.
If I don't make something happen
by then,
I'm just gonna
go back to school.
And what?
What, just give up music?
I'm pretty sure the industry
will carry on without me.
See, and I'm pretty sure
if you have a good demo tape,
the industry will sit up
and take notice.
Yeah, well, I'll just have
to take your word on that.
See, I'm way past short on cash.
And last I heard, those demo
facilities cost lots of it.
You know, I've actually got
a pretty nice recording studio
set up at my house.
I bet you say that
to all the girls.
No, just the ones
that can top the charts.
I hope you like it.
Arnie, it's beautiful.
Uh, that's okay,
don't worry about us.
We'll get the bags.
It's called being
in the zone.
Ballplayers do it
all the time.
It's like
they're unconscious.
I guess
lovers do it, too.
You know, a little
Christmas flirtation, fine,
I can handle that,
but they're, like, drooling
all over each other.
I know.
Lovers.
(chuckles)
Come on.
So, what'll it be?
We have seminars
in history,
English,
sciences.
Water torture?
Oh, come on Steve,
I think this retreat
sounds terrific.
We can register.
I don't think this
is gonna be such
a good idea.
Hey, this is
your idea, sister.
Don't you remember?
Intellectual stimulation
by day,
physical stimulation
at night. (chuckles slyly)
This is probably
a good time to tell you
that, um, we're not
rooming together.
What?
What, you think I want our
parents sleeping together?
Clare, I am  not rooming
with my mother.
You don't have to.
Uh, I snore
like a howler monkey.
Just so you know.
Oh, like father,
like daughter.
It's a beautiful day.
What are you
doing inside?
I'm working.
Why don't you come
take a walk with me?
I don't want to.
Come on. Let's go.
No, I don't.
You know, maybe your working
here wasn't such a good idea.
I just thought you could use
some sun is all.
The stage hasn't been
well-prepped,
the lighting's been sloppy.
All right,
what are you saying, Val?
That maybe if you devoted
more time to your job.
Instead of to Kelly?
She has nothing to do with it.
Then what is it?
What, that we're not sleeping
together?
Don't flatter yourself.
You know what?
I'm gonna go take
that walk, okay?
She's only with you
to hurt me.
Tom?
Tom...
look, I'm sorry.
Forget what I said
about your job.
You do it great.
Well, I did, anyway.
What's that supposed to mean?
I quit.
I'm so glad
we're rooming together.
Give us a chance
to get to know each other.
Yeah, me, too.
I'm looking
forward to it.
Though I feel
like I know you already.
Your father talks
about you so much.
Well, talk I don't mind.
It's when he starts
bringing out
the old photo albums,
I get a little nervous.
Oh, but you were so cute,
even with the braces.
Oh, no!
He's the worst.
He's proud of you.
And from what I know,
he has every right to be.
You wouldn't by chance be trying
to butter me up, would you?
I mean every word.
And of course I'm trying
to butter you up.
Well, at least
you're honest about it.
He loves you, Clare.
He would never do anything
that you wouldn't approve of.
(soft synthesizer chords
playing)
I love it.
Oh, wait'll I finish
the rest of the mix.
(phone rings)
Would you grab that
for me?
Hello?
Hi. Uh, is David there?
He sure is.
Would you like to talk to him?
Yeah, I would.
Who is this?
Chloe.
Chloe, hey, it's Donna.
Oh, hey, Donna.
Here, I'll put you on with him.
The guy is a killer.
Hey, Don. What's up?
Hey, "Killer."
What's going on?
Uh, actually, I'm, I'm running
out of material
for my Wardrobe Weather routine.
I was kinda hoping you could
help me write some more.
Well, can't you just recycle?
I mean, there's only
so many ways of saying
"It's going to be 70 and sunny."
I know.
I just, I want to be ready.
Do you have enough to last
through the rest of the week?
I think so.
All right, then how about this?
We'll get together this weekend
and we'll come up with some
new stuff. It'll be great.
David, why do I feel like I'm
getting the brush-off here?
Donna, I'm just helping
Chloe out with her demo,
all right?
It's no big deal.
You promise?
I promise. How about this?
As soon as I'm done,
I'll, uh, go pick up
some Chinese and a movie
and we'll spend some time
together.
Thanks. It means a lot,
but I really don't need
a babysitter anymore, David.
All right. Well, I'll, uh, I'll
be here if you need me.
That's nice,
but it won't be necessary.
Everything's fine.
Bye.
That calls for something retro,
maybe a suede jacket
to keep you toasty.
But when those clouds part,
you're gonna want
to go a little bit lighter,
like a sweater,
which you can always peel off
to take advantage of that...
MAN:
You bitch.
Dad, that's not cream sauce,
is it?
You know that's bad
for your cholesterol.
It's over 300.
which, when combined
with his diabetes, phlebitis,
hardening of
the arteries...
Clare!
...and enlarged prostate,
Clare...
My main concern?
Overstimulation of any kind.
I think I'm gonna go get
seconds. Excuse me.
Me, too.
Bye.
Clare, you really think
that was necessary?
What?
Well, I know
you're worried about your father
getting hurt,
but it's pretty obvious my mom
has flipped for the guy.
For God's sake, she went
to a seminar on the gold
standard with him.
So what, you're not gonna help
me break them up?
To keep them from having sex?
Heck, no.
I want them
to have sex!
I hope we're having sex
when we're their age.
Steve, I'm serious, okay?
I really need your help.
(both laughing)
I don't know, honey.
I haven't seen my mom look
so happy in so long.
Happy?
Obviously, she's gonna be happy.
Why wouldn't she be?
She's taking my dad.
Taking him from who?
From me.
She's taking him from me.
I had a good time.
Good, I'm glad.
So did I.
Do you want
to come in?
Sure.
After we straighten some things
out first.
Like what?
Are you trying to hurt Valerie
or something?
Is that what she told you?
Right before she threatened
to fire me
if I didn't stop seeing you.
Tom, she has no right
to do that.
Look, I know you guys don't
like each other very much.
Valerie's a friend of mine.
I don't want to be your way
of getting back at her.
Does that answer your question?
No.
I don't like her.
But that's not why I'm with you.
I should go.
What'd you do?
When?
When she threatened your job?
I quit.
Hey, Rusty.
What do you want?
Nothing.
It's just, uh, my first day
back in a while.
I kinda wanted to get here
a little early and prepare.
You actually prepare
that routine of yours?
And here I thought you had
an excuse for being bad.
I heard, uh, you
were pretty upset
about the police
questioning you.
I'm really sorry
it put you out.
Yeah, well, save your pity
for someone who needs it.
Look, I'm just
trying to be nice.
Yeah, well, don't be, okay?
Everything good?
And if it's not?
Donna?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I think maybe you should leave.
Yeah, well, nobody cares
what you think.
Newsroom keys.
Give them to the commandant.
I'm out of here.
Hey, forget about him.
Yeah. It's just with
everything that's
been going on...
Come here.
(sobbing softly)
I just don't want
to be scared anymore.
We'll just tell them
that their dating puts
too much stress
on our relationship.
Yeah, thanks so much
for doing this for me, baby.
And if they don't stop,
things between us
will unravel.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Oh.
Oh!
Hello? That's exactly what
we're trying to stop, okay?
Yeah, okay. Well,
when they break,
we'll move in.
If they break.
Mom!
We can't do this.
What's wrong?
Samantha, I really like you.
I think
you already know that.
It's Clare.
She's not happy
about our being together.
Give her time.
She'll get used to the idea.
What about Steve?
You think the same
will be true for him?
Well, I think it should.
He does seem pretty
uncomfortable.
CHANCELLOR:
I wanted this retreat
to bring the four
of us together.
I nev... I-I never dreamed
it could do the opposite.
Are you saying that we
shouldn't see each other?
We have two great kids.
You know as well
as I do
that they both seem
to have a real problem
with our being together.
As wrong as we think
they may be...
I think we've got to start
listening to them.
You know, working
behind the camera,
I look into
everyone's eyes.
And you're the only
one I felt was
really talking to me,
the only one I feel...
I don't know, makes
me feel important,
like you really
understand me.
That's really nice
of you to say.
Here, wear this.
Excuse me?
I think you'd look
great in it.
The, the broadcast,
it's about to start.
Don't you, uh, have
to get ready or something?
No.
Something wrong?
No. I just, um,
I'm, I still feel
a little shaken up by the thing
that happened with Rusty,
that's all.
You don't have to worry.
I'm here.
Mm.
How do I look?
Perfect.
Don't.
I know you like me.
Evan, you're, uh, you're making
me very uncomfortable.
The phone calls,
the flowers.
I know you like the attention.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
The sterling silver roses
are beautiful, aren't they?
I picked them because they go
with your eyes.
I'm sorry.
I really don't know
what you're talking about.
You know we're meant
to be together!
Look, um, if you sent me
flowers, I'm sorry,
I didn't get them.
And, um,
if-if you called me,
you probably got my number
mixed up with somebody else.
Look, if this is about the rat
or trying to run you down...
I'm sorry,
but you made me mad.
Brandon!
Brandon, it's him!
TRACY:
Who?
Evan, he's the one
that stalked me.
Hey, man, whatever she said
to you, it's a lie.
No.
You know, Evan,
I think this may be something
for the authorities to sort out.
So I'm gonna call campus
security
and have them
come down here.
Put it down.
Evan, don't make this any worse
for yourself than it already is.
I said put it down!
God.
Donna, go lock
the outer doors.
Now!
Evan, what
are you doing?
Shut up!
Everybody shut up!
Come here.
I want everybody
over here now!
Let's go!
Come on!
Right here!
Okay, everybody down.
Everybody down flat
on your stomachs.
Do it now!
Hands behind your head.
Evan,
take it easy, man.
We're all gonna do
whatever you want.
Why don't you just relax?
I said do it!
All right, Donna, come here.
Donna, get up
and get over here.
All right, look,
I got something to say,
and she's going
to get hurt
if I don't get a chance
to say it.
So get your butt
in the control room, Walsh.
(sobbing softly)
Brandon.
Come on.
Get up.
Sit down.
Tracy, get up.
Now!
Focus...
Zoom.
You do a good job,
or it's gonna be
the last job you do.
Got it?
(tapping on window):
You ready?
Yeah. Yeah. You're on
in, uh... 30 seconds.
This is 911.
Is this an emergency?
BRANDON:
Hey, Evan. Evan...
I can handle this myself.
Why don't you
let the hostages go?
Did you say hostages?
EVAN:
Why don't you shut your mouth!
Just hang on, sir.
What is that?
What?
What the hell is that?!
I don't know.
Must have just gotten
knocked off its cradle,
that's all.
Nothing funny, Walsh.
If you try cutting me off
once I'm on the air,
I'll see it
on the floor monitor.
How much time?
Ten seconds.
What are you
gonna say?
I got plenty to say.
Don't worry about me.
Time!
BRANDON:
You're on in three...
two.....
(switch clicks)
(whispers):
Evan.
What?
We're on the air.
Right.
So go ahead.
Just a coffee. Thanks.
EVAN:
Don't start playing your game.
I-I, I don't, I don't...
So go ahead!
What is that?
That's a gun.
He's got a gun!
(concerned murmuring)
So go ahead!
I don't know what
you want me to say.
Tell them...
that you love me.
Why are you doing this?
Say it!
Okay.
It's true.
I love you.
Now, please...
Please, put down the gun.
Damn right, it's true.
See, I kept me
some documentation.
Read this.
Start here.
"January 15th.
"Donna Martin...
"started working
at the station today.
"We hit it right off.
She even winked at me
during the newscast."
Okay. Now...
This.
"January 25th.
"Donna's...
"Donna's a virgin.
"I think it's
so romantic.
"she's only gonna give
herself to one man.
"The way she looks at me
through the camera,
I know that I'm the one."
You see?
You see what I'm talking about?
There's plenty more.
Here, I want you
to read this.
I want you to start here.
McCarthy! Jones!
Find every possible
way into the studio.
Get the building blueprints
if you have to.
Right on
it, sir.
Peters!
See if you can find someone
close to this guy...
Family,
professor,
anything.
We're on it.
Rudman, find the custodian.
I want the air conditioner
in the studio turned off,
the heat bumped.
(phone ringing)
Yeah.
This is Detective Rendell.
We have the building
surrounded.
Is anyone hurt?
No, not yet.
From now on,
this line stays open.
Listen to  me.
I want you to do
exactly as I say.
DONNA:
I love you.
Say it again.
Like you mean it.
I love you.
Like you mean it!
(Donna sobbing)
Evan...
I love you.
That's good.
Yeah.
Now everybody
can see what I see.
That you're a damn liar!
BRANDON:
Evan, Evan.
The police are here.
They want to talk to you.
No. No talking.
No deal.
Then you talk  for me.
Tell him we're willing
to work with him.
Evan, the cops
want to be reasonable.
They want to work with you.
Well, they better or people
are gonna start dying.
Evan, why don't you
let everybody go
before you do something
really stupid.
Don't tell me what to do!
You hear me? Don't tell me!
I hear you.
Listen, the cops are saying
all you've done
is hold some people up.
You haven't hurt anyone.
I'm sure if you'd
just talk to them...
You may be hearing me,
but you sure as hell
aren't listening.
I said no talking.
Now, put the phone down-- now!
Now, where were we?
Oh, yeah. You were just
lying to my face
just like you have
every day since we met.
Just leading me on.
No. No, I didn't.
I think you have!
Okay.
You're right.
I led you on.
You're damn right you did.
Always winking at me
behind the camera,
running around the set,
being all friendly.
Hey, it's David.
I'm not here,
so leave a message.
David, where are you?
Look, Donna is in real trouble.
When you get this, um,
turn on CUTV and call me.
EVAN:
This isn't over yet, Donna.
Come here.
All right.
I want you to
repeat after me.
"I am a manipulative..."
"I...
"am...
a manipulative..."
"spiteful bitch."
EVAN:
Everyone sit tight.
We're gonna be here
a long time.
You okay?
Yeah.
No.
Mind if I, uh,
borrow him?
Sure.
Come on, Mom.
Let me buy you a drink.
Dad, I really love you.
Thanks.
I really love you.
I didn't really realize
what that meant
until this afternoon.
I heard this, uh,
man say that...
to really love someone means
wanting more for them
than you want for yourself.
Smart man.
Yeah, the smartest.
I don't want you
and Samantha to break up.
Really?
Yeah.
(chuckling)
Oh!
Oh, you have no idea
how happy I am
to hear you say that.
I'm sorry I tried
to sabotage everything.
You don't need to apologize.
You know you're
my number one girl.
Don't you know
that nothing
is ever going
to change that?
Yeah.
I was getting between
you and the Chancellor
because that's
what Clare wanted.
It felt to me that's
what you wanted, too.
The truth is...
it is.
Mom, you're hardly
ever around.
Then suddenly when
you do show up,
it's to be with someone else.
What is that?
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
I've been horribly insensitive.
I definitely
should be around more.
Well, judging by the way
you and Arnold
are hitting it off,
I'm sure you'll be
around a lot more.
And that's okay with you?
Oh, Mom, it's more than okay.
That's what I want.
May I borrow her?
Be my guest.
He's all yours.
It's so hot in here.
Did I say you could talk?
What the hell's going on, Walsh?
Why's it so damn
hot in here?
I have no idea.
It's gotta be the cops.
Put them on.
(phone ringing)
Yeah, hold on.
It's Walsh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm gonna put you on
with him over the P.A. system.
Hold on.
All right, you're on
with Detective Rendell.
You turn the damn air
back on!
It's hot in there?
I had no idea.
I'll put a man right on it.
Meantime, how about
a nice cold drink?
You're not coming in here.
Of course not.
All right, bring them
to the outer doors.
Walsh.
You, go get them.
Look, if anything happens
when those doors are unlocked,
I'll start shooting.
Help us, please!
He's gonna kill us!
Put it down.
Evan,
please, you've got
to let us go.
I said put it down now!
Get back on the ground
with everybody else.
Go.
(door opening)
Here you go.
Over there on the desk.
Get over there.
Tastes good, doesn't it, Evan?
Yeah, yeah, it tastes good.
I did something for you.
I want you to do
something for me.
I want you to let everyone go.
(scoffs)
No way.
It would show me a lot
if you let them go.
Evan, they haven't done
anything to you.
I'm the only one you want.
I'll stay.
Donna, get up
and come over here.
Tracy, get back
on the camera.
Walsh, you open the doors
and let everybody out.
Everybody get
the hell out of here,
now, let's go.
Let's go!
This is good.
This is real good.
Walsh, get back
in the control room
where I can see you.
Now, what do you need
to resolve the situation?
(sighs)
I need, uh...
I need everyone to know
what a lying bitch Donna is.
What do you need from me?
I need a, uh...
I need a car.
Yeah.
To take us wherever
we want to go.
A car's good, I can do that.
But you've got to give me
some time here though.
So, how about letting Donna go?
She's not a hostage.
She's my girlfriend.
We're in love.
Besides, you heard her--
she wants to stay.
If that's true, you can prove it
by laying your gun down
and letting her walk
if she wants.
I said she wants to.
And if you're right,
then we don't have
a kidnapping problem, do we?
Problem is, there's
only one way to show that.
What do you say?
(sighs)
What is that?!
Who the hell is that?!
Get back, or I'll kill her.
Don't shoot.
Back off. Now.
Walsh, get them the hell
out of here!
Back away.
(door closing)
Negotiation's over.
Get a car within
an hour or Donna dies.
(indistinct radio transmission)
You ever been to Mexico?
You're going
to get us killed.
What about South America?
Did you hear what I said?
I hear Brazil is incredible.
Evan, it's over.
No, it's not.
Evan.
I said it's not!
I don't want to go
anywhere with you.
Don't say that.
How can I say anything else?
You want me to
care about you--
when did you ever
give me the chance?
When most people like somebody
they ask them out on a date.
You would have said no.
You don't know that.
Yes, I do.
How?
Because without this
gun I'm a nobody.
So now you're a
somebody, is that it?
Now you have all the power.
Damn right.
You don't have anything.
Don't push me here.
You want to kill
me, go ahead.
You want to have me,
what's stopping you?
I said don't push me.
I am pushing you.
And you can't handle it,
not even with your gun.
You want to know why?
Because you're
a creeper.
You creep into my
apartment when I'm gone.
Shut up.
You creep around the
streets following me.
(gun cocking)
I said shut up!
DONNA:
Yeah, well, I don't
want a creeper. I want a man.
Put down the gun
and be a man.
What the hell are you
looking at, huh?!
Get the hell out of here.
Come with me.
No, no, I can't.
I've got to stay
with Donna.
If anything
happens to you...
It won't.
That was a good move, Evan.
Very smart.
Now, what can I do for you?
Cut him off, Walsh.
Evan, talk to me.
Walsh!
Damn it.
He's gone.
(sobbing)
Don't hate me, Donna.
I just can't live without you.
Detective, with
flash grenades,
we should be able to blind Evan
long enough to subdue him.
Let's hope.
Get in position.
(sniffles)
Will you come sit next to me?
I didn't know
how much you cared.
I just wanted us to be together.
It's embarrassing.
No, it's not.
It's sweet.
You know, it makes me think
this could actually
work out between us.
You're just saying that.
I've never been
to South America.
I hear the rain forest is
supposed to be incredible.
We could be together there.
Would you take care of me?
Like a queen.
What about your boyfriend?
Everyone knows
I care about you.
Really?
Brandon...
tell him.
Yeah. Yeah, that's right, Evan.
Donna's been talking
for a long time
about breaking up with David.
Actually she's
been telling me
about the crush
that she has on you.
No lie?
BRANDON:
No, no lie.
In fact, she
just asked me
this morning about the
Valentine's Day party
I was gonna have next week.
She wanted
to invite you.
Valentine's Day?
Mm-hmm. So everyone
can see us together.
Kiss me.
No, not with a gun
pointed at me.
Now do you believe
how much I care?
Yeah.
(Evan grunting)
Don't move!
You wouldn't.
Yes, I would.
Go, go! Go, go, go, go, go!
Turn over on
your stomach.
Put your hands
behind your back.
Don't move.
Hook him up.
Get him cuffed.
You said you wouldn't leave me.
I lied.
(breathing heavily)